# BladesofGreen
bladesofgreens.com is a website designed using Shopify's e-commerce platform.  The owner of the website wanted to a streamlined, easy to use (for both himself and the prospective customer) website that was easy enough for a 50 something retiree to navigate.  Shopify and the range of tools provided by the company allowed for us to construct an easy to use webstore that allows for customers to purchase astro-turf while learning a bit about the company and the services offered.  Developing the look for the site was easy enough in the beginning: select a theme, add some images and your off and running.  The fun of customizing the site comes once you download Shopify's Theme Kit Editor. 

1.  Use homebrew to download shopify by excuting the command: "brew tap shopify/shopify"
2.  Install the theme kit: "brew install themekit"
3.  Navigate back to the shopify admin page, click the "Apps" link and generate API credentials by clicking the button
4.  Name your APP and set all of the permissions to "read and write"
5.  In Terminal create your configuration by entering "theme configure --password=<found in the API creds generated by shopify> --store=<www.[yourstore].myshopify.com> --themeid=<a 9digit number found in the url of your shops homepage>
6.  Use the command "theme download" to download your specific theme to your local machine
7.  open the theme kit in a text editor using "code ." or "atom ."
8.  In your terminal enter the command "theme watch" to make live updates to your site.
9.  To edit specific sections select files under the sections directory.
10. To edit content you can make changes in the "settings_data.json" file in the config directory.
  
  
The backend of the app was primarily was built using node and express to connect to a mySQL database, this database is used to capture orders and customer information.  Webhooks were implemented to capture data from shopify.
  

<--BladesofGreen.com is a prospective website that will be designed in order to sell astroturf to clients online. The client, Brad Hoover, is a small business owner based out of Orange County. As the owner of a landscape company that focuses on bringing xeriscapes to the residents of Orange County. As Brad’s business has grown, he sees an opening for a website that can be used as an interface for his clients to purchase Astroturfing by the square ft.  He wants the finished project to be a simple-to-use website that the average 50 year old can easily navigate.
The e-commerce platform shopify provided us with a great place to begin constructing the website, the pre-built cart and checkout sequence save time while the use of shopify's theme kit makes customization possible.
The first thing we had to do was download the theme kit editor using Homebrew.
After downloading the theme kit editor we set all of the permissions for the new app so we can make changes to the storefront.  The theme kit editor automatically updates the site when you use the command "theme watch" in terminal.
From there making changes to content on the page can be as simple as changing data in the data_settings.json file.-->
